This is Whitley County. Like many counties in neighboring areas
The vast majority of voters supported Donald Trump in the November elections.
The county's median per capita income is about $ 16,000. 97% of residents are white, 88% of residents over 25 years of age do not have a college degree
It also happens to be the birthplace of KFC fried chicken
However, the residents here are also among the Americans who benefit most from the medical policy signed by President Obama—
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (The Affordable Care Act, ACA, Obamacare)
Kathy: "I am now with Vox, VOX.news.com or something
Their reporters will follow me
About the impact of medical insurance on us residents of southeastern Kentucky "
She is Kathy. Her job is to participate as an advisor to Obamacare, helping people participate in the insurance
Since the bill was implemented in 2013
The population with medical insurance in this county rose from 75% to 90%
Kathy helped many of them to participate in medical insurance
"I can't count how many people ... maybe more than a thousand people"
But what happened next is hard to understand. Reporter: "Who did you vote for?", Kathy: "Trump"
Trump: "The real change is about to begin, this is to immediately abolish and replace Obamacare!" (Cheers)
Since the launch of Obamacare in 2013, the number of low-income, less-educated white Americans who have purchased Medicare has increased substantially
And it ’s not just Kentucky, it ’s the same nationwide.
This group especially benefits from this bill compared to other groups.
However, this group also supported Trump in a large proportion in the November elections
I went to Kentucky to talk to Kathy
I want to understand why so many people will vote for a candidate who vows to abolish the medical insurance plan they depend on
Vox will host a visit with President Obama, and we will invite Kathy to attend
Go to share her views and ask the president.
Kathy: "They invited me to the White House, my goodness, my goodness, my goodness, my goodness! Yes, it is to the White House
You must go to Facebook to see it, otherwise you will miss a lot of things "
Before heading to Washington, DC, we first wandered southeast Kentucky to visit some Trump supporters who participated in the Obamacare plan
We would like to hear their opinions on the current health insurance bill
And what they think the next government will do to improve Obamacare
"Everyone needs insurance, no matter what their cultural background ... We never know what will happen
But you must also be able to afford insurance insurance. "
We got several explanations for this "Trump-Obama Paradox"
The first is that the people of Kentucky believe that Trump and the Republican Party will not really abolish
A plan to benefit more than 20 million people
Reporter: "So don't you think they (Republicans) will really do this?"
Kathy: "No, they can't (do this). That's like he has children, and he will be smarter than that (note: I don't know what Kathy is talking about). Do you know what I'm talking about?"
Many people think that Trump's campaign against Obama's health insurance is just empty talk
Actually he has no way to abolish a plan that so many people depend on
This is not just the thoughts of Trump ’s voters.
Vox Senior Reporter: "I am a reporter and have reported on the medical insurance bill for about 7 years
Until a few months ago, there was still a reassuring assumption
That is, the medical insurance now launched covers 20 million people, and it will continue to exist.
I remember I wrote a report for Vox in 2015, the title is probably like this
"Obama Medicare has passed the last obstacle and will survive"
Republicans are still so committed to the repeal of the Affordable Care Act after the election.
A year ago, I never expected this to happen, I thought their attitude would soften
But I was wrong "
Many participants in the Obamacare in Kentucky, as well as policy experts and reporters, assume
Obamacare is already very common and cannot be abolished.
But Republican congressmen are proving that they are wrong and are actively using various methods to abolish it
News report: "Mr. Ryan said that the first task of the new Congress is to abolish Obamacare"
But perhaps it is more powerful to explain why the beneficiaries of Obamacare will vote for Trump
It ’s because people are not satisfied with the cost of the plan
And believe that Trump will somehow improve health insurance
We met with a security guard Perry, who recently participated in Obamacare
This is the first time in his life that he has medical insurance
Perry: "I have never seen a doctor ... the last time I went to see a doctor, you were not even born"
"Really?" "Really"
Thanks to Kathy ’s help, Perry was able to register with healthcare.gov a few months ago
His deductible (that is, the policyholder ’s loss will exceed this amount before the policy will be compensated, commonly known as the "bottom fee") is $ 2,000
Perry: "Unless serious things happen, how many times do I have to see a doctor before I can use up that 2,000 yuan?"
I just hope that if we are to accept the plan, it must be something we can afford
We then went to an antique shop
Bobby, the boss there, another participant in Obamacare
Bobby: "Last year I was diagnosed with breast cancer. I am very happy that I have insurance
But I did n’t realize that the government was subsidizing my medical insurance
I confirm that the same quality medical services are everyone's due
It ’s just that I think American-style medical services are completely out of control in terms of price. ”
One of the reasons Boddy complained about the plan was
This plan has a relationship with the president she does n’t like very much
Perry: "I absolutely hate hearing the word" Obama Medicare. "I hate the word."
We head to the shopping mall on the border of Tennessee
Kathy set up a booth there to help people participate in Obamacare
We visited the store manager there, about his views and observations of colleagues and employees participating in Obamacare
Store manager: "At first, it seemed that everyone was excited because they had the opportunity to get medical insurance, and it was medical insurance they could afford
For some of them, this is the first time they have been covered by insurance
In the second year, they have to face the increase in premiums and have to make changes in insurance
Usually this means that they choose some insurance plans with higher deductibles in order to continue to be insured (the higher the deductible, the lower the premium)
Although Obama Medical Insurance has granted 20 million Americans medical insurance
But half of Obamacare registrants think the deductible is still too high
Kathy: "I think people will be very disappointed, yes, because many of them ... their living budget is so tight"
Because of disappointment with Obama ’s high premiums, participants in Obamacare have full confidence in Trump ’s ability to solve this problem
Bobby: "I think he will try to solve it, first because he is a businessman, he understands money
So I believe he will solve many problems "
"I think he will replace it (Obama Health Insurance) ... I hope he will at least
At least from his words, he will replace it with a better plan (Obama Health Insurance) "
Trump did not promote a new plan that could replace Obamacare
On the contrary, he focused on promoting the promise of "repeal it"
Trump: "It will be abolished and replaced, and we will know that (to replace it) will be a good and cheaper medical insurance plan"
News report: "An analysis from the non-partisan Federal Fund (The Commonwealth fund) found that Trump's proposal will cause up to 25 million people to lose insurance"
But none of the people we visited seemed to need a plan
They are frustrated by the current (health insurance) bill and seem to be willing to risk Trump ’s promise
Trump: "Abolish and replace it with an excellent plan"
Kathy and other residents of the county accepted the gambling
After a snowstorm, we flew to DC (Washington) to meet the president
Obama: "Go on, Kathy"
Kathy: "Hello, President Obama, I am very excited to meet you"
Obama: "I am very happy to see you"
Kathy: "Thank you
Many residents of Kentucky are treating the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obama Health Insurance) as unaffordable and unusable
Why do you think this problem occurs? How should we improve?
Will we start over? What do you think we should do? "
Obama: "This is also my main dissatisfaction with Obamacare, that is, the subsidy may not reach the level it should be for many citizens.
So we have two things that can really make health care work better for the people of Kentucky
First, provide more subsidies for citizens who work hard every day but think that even if there is a subsidy, the premiums are still unaffordable
… The problem is that this (Obama ’s own solution) is different from the plan being proposed by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky
Obama spent almost 8 minutes answering Kathy ’s question
You should watch the full interview and listen carefully to Obama ’s rebuttal
The focus of Obama ’s response is that although the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is not perfect, we can use the current system to improve it
But Republican MPs and Trump did not propose ways to improve the current method
They just proposed to abolish it
And never stated that they have a better plan to replace it
Obama: "I now say to all Republicans: If you can really come up with a plan that is obviously better than Obamacare
I will openly support their repeal and replace Obamacare with your (Republican) plan
But I have to see it first (Republican plan) "
Many people bet on Trump without knowing what plans he has
Now that the Republicans (GOP) are controlling Congress, let ’s see if they will honor their promises and propose a better plan than Obamacare
Kathy: "I think we need to make changes, and that's why I just joke
It ’s like playing Russian roulette or ... (Note: I ca n’t translate this sentence) ... Say: Hey, I ’m going to vote ”